# The Odin Project - Todo List
- Live project here: https://wlindstrom55.github.io/TOP_todo_list/
- Instructions here: https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-javascript-todo-list 

- I designed and built this myself trying to loosely follow the instructions. Looking back over them now I currently can't expand a single todo and see its details, although you can edit the 'notes' portion of a todo. Maybe that's something I will add later.
- Honestly I did a poor job of planning this project, I first started by creating the todos logic and rendering as well as the localStorage functionality, and then later went back and added projects(lists of todos) and had to rewrite pretty much half the project. I wish I had taken a little more time at the beginning and planned things out, and maybe read te instructions more in-depth at the beginning. I think my code is a bit scrambled compared to most of my projects, and I'd like to go back at some point and rewrite things so there isn't so much namespace pollution and there is a greater emphasis on separation of concerns (Encapsulation, especially of some of my arrays).
- That being said I had a great time building this out once I was on a roll with things. My favorite part was learning about localStorage and how simple it is to use. At some point I'd like to come back and implement an auto-save and auto-load on exit/page load.
- I didn't use HTML 'table' elements to create this, and I definitely should have for ease of styling given my idea of how the UI should look. I wanted to try something different after using tables for my library project. I still think I can add a CSS grid, but I have not yet.
    - 8/31 - went back and added css grid. Looks much nicer